CSP [style|style]-src-[attr|elem] example fixes (#22277)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/http/headers/content-security-policy/script-src-elem/index.md

    <tr>
      <th scope="row">{{CSP("default-src")}} fallback</th>
      <td>
        Yes.

>         If this directive is absent, the user agent will look for the {{CSP("script-src")}} directive, and if both of them are absent, fallback to <code>default-src</code> directive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        If this directive is absent, the user agent will look for the {{CSP("script-src")}} directive, and if both of them are absent, fall back to <code>default-src</code> directive.
```

## Examples

### Violation case

Given this CSP header:

```http
Content-Security-Policy: script-src-elem https://example.com/
```

> the following script is blocked and won't be loaded or executed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
…the following script is blocked and won't be loaded or executed:
```
